[Dokumentation] Update parameters/basic_usage/model_assumptions (#302)
greco-project/pvcompare: docs/parameters.rst

energyProduction.csv
--------------------
    1. **age_installed**: year, 0 (for all the components)
    2. **development_costs**: currency, 0 (for all the components)
    3. **specific_costs**: currency/unit, 934 (SI), 1019 (CPV) ,813 (PSI)
    4. **file_name**: str, * *auto_calc*
    5. **installedCap**: kWp, 0.0 (for all components)
    6. **maximumCap**: kWp,  * *auto_calc*
    7. **lifetime**: year, 25 (for all the components)
    8. **specific_costs_om**: currency/unit, 20 (SI) ,15 (CPV), 17 (PSI)
    9. **dispatch_price**: currency/kWh, 0 (this is because there are no fuel costs associated with photovoltaics)
    10. **optimizeCap**: bool, True (for all components)
    11. **outflow_direction**: str, PV bus1 (for all of the components)
    12. **type_oemof**: str, source (for all of the components)
    13. **unit**: str, kWp (for all of the components)
    14. **energyVector**: str, Electricity (for all of the components)

>     15. **emission_factor**: kgCO2eq/unit, * *auto_calc*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    15. **emission_factor**: kgCO2eq/unit, * *auto_calc*
    16. **renewableAsset**: bool, True (for all of the components)
```

energyProviders.csv
-------------------

> All default values for the energy_price, feed-in tariff, renewable share and emission factors of all European countries are stores in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All default values of the energy price, feed-in tariff, renewable share and emission factor of European countries are stored in
```

``data/static_inputs/local_grid_parameters.xlsx``

    1. **unit**: str,kW
    2. **optimizeCap**: bool, True (for all of the components)
    3. **energy_price**: currency/kWh,
        a. **Electricity grid**: * *auto_calc*, `EUROSTAT electricity, <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/ten00117/default/table?lang=en>`_
        b. **Gas plant**: * *auto_calc* `EUROSTAT Gas <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/databrowser/view/ten00118/default/table?lang=en>`_
    4. **feedin_tariff**: currency/kWh,

>         a. **Electricity grid**: `feed-in tariff <https://www.pv-magazine.com/features/archive/solar-incentives-and-fits/feed-in-tariffs-in-europe/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        a. **Electricity grid**: * *auto_calc* `feed-in tariff <https://www.pv-magazine.com/features/archive/solar-incentives-and-fits/feed-in-tariffs-in-europe/>`_
```

        b. **Gas plant**: 0
    5. **peak_demand_pricing**: currency/kW, 0 (for all of the components)
    6. **peak_demand_pricing_period**: 	times per year (1,2,3,4,6,12), 1 (for all of the components)

>     7. **renewable_share**,factor,`EUROSTAT renewable share <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/energy/data/shares>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    7. **renewable_share**,factor, * *auto_calc* `EUROSTAT renewable share <https://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/energy/data/shares>`_
```

    8. **inflow_direction**: str,
        a. **Electricity grid**: Electricity
        b. **Gas plant**: Gas bus
    9. **outflow_direction**: str,
        a. **Electricity grid**: Electricity
        b. **Gas plant**: Heat bus
    10. **energyVector**: str,
        a. **Electricity grid**: Electricity
        b. **Gas plant**: Heat
    11. **type_oemof**: str, source (for all of the components)

    12. **emission factor**: kgCO2eq/kWh

>         a. **Electricity grid**: `EEA EUROPA <https://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/indicators/overview-of-the-electricity-production-3/assessment>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        a. **Electricity grid**: * *auto_calc* `EEA EUROPA <https://www.eea.europa.eu/data-and-maps/indicators/overview-of-the-electricity-production-3/assessment>`_
```

storage_01.csv
--------------
This storage example describes a battery storage

    1. **unit**, str, kWh
    2. **installedCap**: unit, 0 (for all components)
    3. **age_installed**: year, 0 (for all components)

>     4. **lifetime**: year, 20 (for all components), `Moosmoar S.3<https://iewt2019.eeg.tuwien.ac.at/download/contribution/presentation/112/112_presentation_20190215_102253.pdf>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. **lifetime**: year, 20 (for all components), `Moosmoar S.3 <https://iewt2019.eeg.tuwien.ac.at/download/contribution/presentation/112/112_presentation_20190215_102253.pdf>`_
```

    5. **development_costs**: currency, 0 (for all components)
    6. **specific_costs**: currency/unit
        a. **storage capacity**: 250 - 550 (`ZHB S.46 ff <https://www.zhb-flensburg.de/fileadmin/content/spezial-einrichtungen/zhb/dokumente/dissertationen/fluri/fluri-2019-wirtschaftlichkeit-dez-stromspeicher.pdf>`_)
        b. **input power** and **output power**: 0
    7. **specific_costs_om**: currency/unit/year
        a. **storage capacity**: 0.2 (`energieheld <https://www.energieheld.de/solaranlage/photovoltaik/stromspeicher/kosten#preis-pro-kilowattstunde-berechnen>`_)
        b. **input power** and **output power**: 0
    8. **dispatch_price**: currency/kWh
            a. **storage capacity**: NA (does not apply)
            b. **input power** and **output power**: 0
    9. **c_rate**: factor of total capacity (kWh)
        a. **storage capacity**: NA (does not apply)
        b. **input power** and **output power**: 1 (this just means that the whole capacity of the battery would be used during charging and discharging cycles)
    10. **efficiency**: factor

>         a. **storage capacity**: 0.95

Reviewer: This value is 1 in user inputs collections. Please check.

>     10. **efficiency**: factor
>         a. **storage capacity**: 0.95
>         b. **input power** and **output power**: 0.95 (Charging and discharging efficiency. The value has been sourced from `MVS efficiency <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/MVS_parameters.html#efficiency-label>`_.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    10. **efficiency**: factor
    
        a. **storage capacity**: 0.95
        
        b. **input power** and **output power**: 0.95 (Charging and discharging efficiency. The value has been sourced from `MVS efficiency <https://multi-vector-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/MVS_parameters.html#efficiency-label>`_.)
```

I don't know why rtd doesn't apply new lines here. So let's try maybe this...

>     11. **soc_initial**: None or factor

Reviewer: Here also the lines were inserted to have a new line. So maybe revert the deletions?

Author: hmm when I create the html's locally everything looks fine also without inserting blank lines..

        a. **storage capacity**: None
        b. **input power** and **output power**: NA
    12. **soc_max**: factor

>         a. **storage capacity**: 0.98 ( `Solar charge controllers <https://www.morningstarcorp.com/solar-charge-controllers>`_)
>         b. **input power** and **output power**: NA

Reviewer: ```suggestion

        a. **storage capacity**: 0.98 ( `Solar charge controllers <https://www.morningstarcorp.com/solar-charge-controllers>`_)
        
        b. **input power** and **output power**: NA
```

    13. **soc_min**: factor

>         a. **storage capacity**: 0.15 (Figure from this research `article <https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0378775319310043>`_.)

Reviewer: This value is 0.2 in user inputs collections. Please check.

-----------------------
    *Parameters that describe the characteristics of the building that should be considered in the simulation. The default values are taken from [1].*

    1. **number of storeys**,int, 5
    2. **number of houses**: int, 20
    3. **population per storey**: int, 32 (number of habitants per storey)
    4. **total storey area**: int, 1232 (total area of one storey, equal to the flat roof area in m²)
    5. **length south facade**: int, 56 (length of the south facade in m)
    6. **length eastwest facade**:int, 22 (length of the east/west facade in m)
    7. **hight storey**: int, 3 (hight of each storey in m)
    8. **room temperature**: int, 20 (average room temperature inside the building, default: 20 °C)
    9. **heating limit temperature**: int, 15 (temperature limit for space heating in °C, default: `15 °C <http://wiki.energie-m.de/Heizgrenztemperatur>`_)

>     10. **include warm water**: bool, False (condition about whether warm water is considered in the heat demand, default: False. If False, the warm water demand is added to the electricty demand instead.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    10. **include warm water**: bool, False (condition about whether warm water is considered in the heat demand, default: False. If False, the warm water demand is neglected in the simulation.)
```

>     11. **filename_total_consumption**: str, total_consumption_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total electricity and heat consumption for EU countries from [2]) *

Reviewer: Actually we don't need this anymore I think. Should we take it out of pvcompare inputs?

Author: what do you mean?

Reviewer: The file `total_consumption_residential.xlsx`. I think we don't use it anymore in the calculations do we?

Author: ah interesting. I think you're right. But then we should also delete it from "building_parameters"..
I'll do that

>     11. **filename_total_consumption**: str, total_consumption_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total electricity and heat consumption for EU countries from [2]) *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    11. **filename_total_consumption**: str, total_consumption_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total electricity and heat consumption of countries in the European Union from [2]) *
```

>     12. **filename_total_SH**: str, total_consumption_SH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total space heating for EU countries [2]) *
>     13. **filename_total_WH**: str, total_consumption_WH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total water heating for EU countries [2]) *
>     14. **filename_elect_SH**: str, electricity_consumption_SH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical space heatig for EU countries [2]) *
>     15. **filename_elect_WH**: str, electricity_consumption_WH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical water heating for EU countries[2]) *
>     16. **filename_residential_electricity_demand**: str, electricity_consumption_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total residential electricity demand for EU countries [2]) *
>     17. **filename_total_cooking_consumption**: str,total_consumption_cooking_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total residential cooking demand for EU countries [2])
>     18. **filename_electricity_cooking_consumption**: str,electricity_consumption_cooking_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical residential cooking demand for EU countries [2])
>     19. **filename_country_population**: str ,EUROSTAT_population.csv (name of the csv with total population per country [2])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    12. **filename_total_SH**: str, total_consumption_SH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total energy consumption for space heating of countries in the European Union [2]) *
    13. **filename_total_WH**: str, total_consumption_WH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total energy consumption for water heating of countries in the European Union [2]) *
    14. **filename_elect_SH**: str, electricity_consumption_SH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical energy consumption of space heating of countries in the European Union countries [2]) *
    15. **filename_elect_WH**: str, electricity_consumption_WH_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical energy consumption of warm water heating of countries in the European Union [2]) *
    16. **filename_residential_electricity_demand**: str, electricity_consumption_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total electricity energy consumption in residential sector of countries in the European Union [2]) *
    17. **filename_total_cooking_consumption**: str, total_consumption_cooking_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the total energy consumption for cooking in residential sector of countries in the European Union [2])
    18. **filename_electricity_cooking_consumption**: str,electricity_consumption_cooking_residential.xlsx (name of the csv file that contains the electrical residential cooking demand of countries in the European Union [2])
    19. **filename_country_population**: str, EUROSTAT_population.csv (name of the csv file with total population of each country in the European Union [2])
```

list_of_workalendar_countries.csv
---------------------------------

>     * list of countries for which a python.workalendar [3] exists with the column name "country".*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *list of countries for which a python.workalendar [3] exists with the column name "country".* *
```

In consistency with the layout of the others.
